

   Text to Video Retrieval  T2VR Text to Video Retrieval based on Video Captions and Multi-space Learning TVRVCML  
1  TVRVCML       TVRVCML 
2 MSVDMSR-VTT  TGIF   MSVD   TVRVCML  K 
3VueSpring Boot Web  TVRVCML   
I

Abstract
Research and Construction of Forest Recuperation Course Training System Fused Text to Video Cross Modal Retrieval
Master Candidate:Yang Guo Xing (Software Engineering)
Directed by Tian Xuan and Cao Yao Zhu
Abstract
Forest recuperation, as a new pattern of green and sustainable forestry development in China, brings health and well-being to the public. The Forest Recuperation Branch of the Forestry Society urgently needs to meet the online training needs of therapists. At the same time, the few existing systems have varying degrees of retrieval difficulties due to the complexity of course videos and the single retrieval system, which makes it difficult for users to retrieve target course videos efficiently and accurately, affecting the quality and effectiveness of training. Text to Video Retrieval (T2VR), as a core task of cross modal retrieval, can enable users to accurately retrieve relevant video targets through text queries. This article proposes a Text to Video Retrieval based on Video Captions and Multi space Learning (TVRVCML) model and designs and constructs a forest therapy course training system that focuses on online training of forest therapists and provides accurate and practical course video retrieval services. The main work of this article is as follows:
(1) In response to the difficulty of matching multiple semantic information within text and video in a single public space, this paper proposes a TVRVCML model, which includes a three-layer structure of feature encoding, multi-space construction, and multi-space fusion. To construct multiple public spaces, various types of encoders are first used to represent the features of query text, video, and video subtitles. By combining cross modal matching and same modal matching, improvements are made. On the one hand, a cross modal public space is constructed between query text and video, and on the other hand, a same modal public space is constructed between query text and video subtitles. In addition, by introducing self-attention mechanism strategies in multiple public spaces, weights are assigned to multiple spaces, and different public space relationships are modeled to improve the retrieval ability of the TVRVCML model.
II

Abstract (2) To verify the performance of the model, this article conducts a multi-level experimental design. Firstly, comparative experiments were conducted with four advanced models on three benchmark datasets, MSVD, MSR-VTT, and TGIF, to verify the effectiveness of the model design. Meanwhile, ablation experiments were conducted on the MSVD dataset. In addition, hyperparametric sensitivity experiments were conducted to construct the model. The experimental results confirm that the TVRVCML model has significantly improved in the top K recall rate, median ranking, and other indicators. (3) In response to the demand for online forest therapy training, this article adopts the development mode of front-end and back-end separation of Vue and Spring Boot to design and implement a web-based forest therapy course training system. The system is divided into a student end and an administrator end, which not only provides friendly and practical system training services for students, but also provides functional modules such as resource management, course management, class management, and student management for administrators. At the same time, by applying the TVRVCML model to the course video retrieval function of this system, the problem of user retrieval difficulties is alleviated, significantly improving the quality and effectiveness of training. At present, the system has been delivered for use and runs smoothly and stably, providing strong support for online training of forest recuperation.
Key Words: Forest recuperation, course training system, text to video retrieval, multi-space learning
III

